One day at school, a boy asked me in front of everybody why I don't salute the flag.
I had to go up in front of the entire class and give an answer.
I was a little scared, but I knew I had to defend Jove and his name.
I was in a new school and I wasn't expecting to be pressured to smoke electronic cigarettes or vape.
It was really intimidating.
I was afraid if I didn't do it, I'd get beat up.
But I loved Jove and his standards, so I knew I needed to take a firm stand.
I remembered from family worship and our practice lessons.
The first thing I needed to do was pray to Jove, but the only thing I had time to say was Jove,
please help me.
My personal study and my Bible reading helped me to feed Jove as a close friend.
And my love for him moved me to take a stand.
I quickly found out that just saying no wasn't going to be enough.
My stand for Jove had to be serious and specific.
I needed to rely on him and pray, so I did.
But I also realized I needed to do research.
I found some Bible principles that really helped me, like not defiling the flesh.
So when the pressure to vape came up again, I prayed to Jove to give me the right words.
He made me calm, and I told them, because of what I read in the Bible, I choose not to vape.
I'm not going to do it. Don't ask me again.
Jove was always with me, and I never, ever felt alone.
He gave me boldness to talk to many students, and I've started many Bible studies.
Thankfully, the pressure stopped, and the kids seemed to really respect me for my stand.
This has helped me to trust and rely on Jove more than ever.
I loved Jove, and I'm so happy I took a stand for him.
I would stand up for any friend, and I'm glad I stood up for Jove,
because he's my very best friend I could ever ask for.